Add documentation for three macros (#4004)
freesewing/freesewing: markdown/dev/reference/macros/pleat/en.md

---
title: pleat
---

The `pleat` macro is used to mark a pleat on a pattern. It draws the appropriate 
lines perpendicular to the line going from `from` to `to`. 
The `pleat` macro follows the convention of paths being counter-clockwise to 
determin what is the inside or outside of the part. 

It is provided by [plugin-annotations](/reference/plugins/annotations/).

## Signature

```js
macro('pleat', {
  Point from,
  Point to,
  String prefix = 'pleat',
  Number margin = 35,
  Boolean reverse = false,
})
```

## Example

<Example caption="An example of the pleat macro">
```js
({ Point, points, Path, paths, macro, part }) => {
  points.seamTL = new Point(0,0)
  points.seamTR = new Point(70,0)

  paths.seam = new Path()
    .move(points.seamTL)
    .line(points.seamTR)
    .attr('class', 'fabric')

  points.from = new Point(40,0)
  points.to = new Point(30,0)

  macro('pleat', {
    from: points.from,
    to: points.to,
  })

  return part
}
```
</Example>

## Configuration

| Property        | Default  | Type                | Description |
|----------------:|----------|---------------------|-------------|

> | `from`          |          | [Point](/reference/api/point) | The top left point of the crossbox |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `from`          |          | [Point](/reference/api/point) | The start point of the pleat |
```

> | `to`            |          | [Point](/reference/api/point) | The bottom right point of the crossbox |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `to`            |          | [Point](/reference/api/point) | The end point of the pleat |
```
